so seamless child are pretty fun for a
textile design if you feel that's a
little bit overwhelming just do a basic
tile which could just be throw a
rectangle or square then just toss you a
beautiful new design in here and I'm
just gonna send this arrange send to
back and as long as your design doesn't
go over the edges you could just take
these components and drag it in here and
then you can test this and I'm just
going to make a bigger area obviously
and then see what my repeat looks like
so that's already pretty cool but we
want to do a real seamless tile so
therefore we start with a basic color
which has no stroke so set that to none
I'm just gonna drag and then on this I'm
just gonna put this beautiful artwork
Center front a little bit bigger okay
and then what we're gonna do is cut this
design so we need a box that has no
filler no stroke in the way that we do
this is we need it to be in the same
position as the box here so I'm going to
copy which is control-c or command-c
paste and back is control-v or command-v
which is also on the edit paste and back
and ride away so let me do this again
copy paste and back so you can see it
looks like nothing happened but
something actually happened so this box
in the back is now selected and when I
take the color out it appears as if it's
still there but that's because there's
two boxes ones on the top right now
that's still black one in the back
that's going to Kat has the attributes
of no fill and no stroke so we're gonna
leave it right there
now what we're gonna do in the meantime
is we're gonna switch this fill to a
stroke because we need to now align this
artwork on the bottom so you just show
you quickly so this make sense to
everybody
what would happen if I didn't put a
partner on the bottom so if I distract
this pull this in here and then in my
test area if I just go ahead come here
and fill this see how it's chopped off
that's what the no feel no stroke box
does so in order for me to get it
perfectly aligned partner I'm gonna just
shift click on this new artwork and on
this box which I just changed to become
a stroke so once again just swap right
here to fill to a stroke click on that
hold down shift click on the circle and
then alt or option drag for Mac and once
you start drag and you can see that you
could easily go off of it just add shift
hold down both of those buttons and then
let go of your mouse first and then let
go of the buttons then while it's still
selected on it make sure that this line
is exactly on top of each other so it
shouldn't look thicker it should look
exactly as if it's just one box there
alright just like this and we can delete
the second box take this box that we
first set and swap it back and then we
can take all these components drag it in
to our swatches and then test it again
all right so that's them one complete
seam here now we also have to do this if
we do it left to right I'm going to take
this big flower that we had and I'm
going to group this object and group and
I put this here on the side put it on
top and then swap this once more
shift-click on the box on the components
all drag at shifts its level zoom in
make sure that it's correct yes it's
correct and swap that back and once
again whatever we put on the inside can
be whatever size and rotation that we
want so if you want to drag a couple
more of these big ones in here even if
you want to add some more colors I'm
just gonna stick with this two-tone and
then once again we're going to drag all
of these components inside of my
swatches
and then test this there we go so that's
your seamless time okay so once I have
my seamless tile that I like I can
obviously come back into my swatches and
delete the ones that I didn't like you
can shift click or control click on
these and delete command click for Mac
and then I'm gonna alt drag my print so
then we're gonna change colors so click
on this artwork go to edit edit colors
recolor artwork and then you can see
here that you have one position for each
color we only work with two colors but
this works with many other like hundreds
of colors quick things
make sure there's no checkmark next to
black and you get there by clicking on
this little field here color reduction
options so otherwise this would be
chopped off and if it's no error here it
means you can't change that color so
we're going to say all not Auto at all
and then if we can double click on each
of these and then say ok you can see how
the color changes so that's one way of
changing the color another thing that's
cool is that whatever folder of color
swatches you have here will appear here
in your color groups so you could just
click on this for example bright and
then we have this automatic randomly
change color order so it will only work
with colors from in here and so that's
what I did so just click in see if you
like any of these combinations that come
up let's say I like this one or this one
and this one say ok and what's really
cool is right away if you say this one
here we're going to say no you could
just watch that you can use over and
over again that jumps in there I'm going
to do this again on the short way to go
to recolor options as once you select an
object you have to split a wheel here
I'm going to click on that link like a
rainbow and instead of using the brights
this time I'm just going to go to edit
and here we can lighten this up a bit
and I'm going to pull up one of these
which is our black and then we link
these and then we can just pull these
link color
along this color wheel so that's pretty
cool so you can see right now we don't
have a new swatch yet but as soon as we
say okay maybe like right here it jumps
right in there